
 John Lennon was shot here at the entrance to the Dakota building. Lennon was shot four times with a .38 caliber gun in what seems to be a totally senseless killing. The Second Amendment gives the right of the people to keep and bear arms. This is a dispute which is going on in America now. We should work diligently to keep the Second Amendment in place for the individual with responsibility. Let me repeat again. Responsibility and boundaries of those who are privileged to be a part of all of these 27 amendments of the Constitution of the United States of America, plus the declaration of independence. I believe that people who are going to commit crime shouldn't have guns. I guess my reaction is the same as every other father through their grandchild. I don't understand how people can be out there and make bombs and have their families be guilty of where they're going and this culture going on. I don't understand what's wrong with anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. I don't know anybody else. She's well acquainted with the touch She's well acquainted with the touch of a baby, oh no She's well acquainted with the touch of a baby, oh no She's well acquainted with the touch of a baby, oh no Oh, oh, oh, oh Keep her down I need her this cold time I said I need her this cold time I need her I need her My my I need her I need my mama I need my mama I need my baby I need her Happiness is a woman Happiness is a woman Mama Happiness is a woman God Mama I need her I need her I need her She's not a girl who misses life She's not a girl who misses life Mother Siberia Yeah, oh, oh, oh I need a fix Cause I'm going down I need a fix Cause I'm going down I need a fix Cause I'm going down I need a fix Ah, ah Mama, I need a fix Cause I'm going down Down to the bits that I left uptown Down to the bits that I left uptown Down to the bits that I left uptown I said I need a fix Cause I'm going down I need, I need, I need Mother Siberia Mother Siberia Mother Siberia Mother My happiness is happiness Mama Mama Mama you
