
 It all began when they took me from my home and put me on death row, a crime for which I'm totally innocent, you know. I began to warm and chill, to objects and their fields, a ragged cup of twisted mud, the face of Jesus in my suit, those sinister dinner deals, the meal trolley's wicked wheels, a hookbomb rising from my food, and all things either good or un-good. And the mercy seed is waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with all this weighing of the truth, and I pour an eye and a tooth for a tooth, and in a way I told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. I hear stories from the chamber, Christ was born into a manger, and like some ragged stranger he died upon the cross. Might I say it seems so fitting, in its way he was a carpenter by trade, or at least that's what I'm told. My killhands tattooed evil, across its brothers fist, that filthy fire they did nothing to challenge or resist. In heaven his throne is made of gold, the ark of his testament is stowed, a throne from which I'm told all history does unfold. It's made of wood and wire, and my body is on fire, and God is never far away. Into the mercy seed I climb, my head is shaved, my head is wired, and like a moth that tries to enter the bright eye, I go shuffling out of life, just to hide in death awhile. And anyway I never lie, and the mercy seed is waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with all this weighing of the truth, and I pour a line of truth for a truth, and anyway I told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is burning, and I think my head is glowing, and in a way I'm hoping to be done with all this twisting of the truth, and I pour an eye and a tooth for a truth, and anyway there was no proof, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is glowing, and I think my head is smoking, and in a way I'm hoping to be done with all these looks of disbelief, a life for a life and a truth for a truth, and I've got nothing left to lose, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is smoking, and I think my head is melting, and in a way that's helping to be done with all this twisting of the truth, and I pour an eye and a tooth for a truth, and anyway I told the truth, but I'm afraid I told a lie. And the mercy seed is smoking, and I think my head is smoking, and in a way that's helping to be done with all this twisting of the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is smoking, and in a way that's helping to be done with all this twisting of the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is smoking, and in a way that's helping to be done with all this twisting of the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is smoking, and in a way that's helping to be done with all this twisting of the truth, and in a way that's helping to be done with all this twisting of the truth, and in a way that's helping to be done with all this twisting of the truth, and in a way that's helping to be done with all this twisting of the truth, and in a way that's helping to be done with all this twisting of the truth, and in a way that's helping to be done with all this twisting of the truth,
