
 I've got a friend to die for. I began to warm and share all the objects on your fields, a red-cut twisted mark, the face of Jesus when I see it. I've seen those thin stifting details on the old trunks, wicked wheels, old prone bras and a friend on a food, all things that appeared in our own fields. I've heard your seed is waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with all this measuring the proof of an eye for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway I told you truth and memory. I've been dealt with signs, you can't rule out the black and the cheaper skull of a farm, the walls are bad black bottomed kind, they have a sick breath in my mind. I've heard stories from the King but Christ was born into an angel like some ragged stranger died upon the cross, and might I say the seed so big in his way was confident that I'd drink or at least that's what I know. Black in my good hand, tell me well across the brothers, this black filthy fad, they did nothing to challenge our existence. Any heaven as throne is made of gold, the art of the testament is the noble throne from which our sorrow history doesn't fold down. Here it's a medium of a world that's wide and in my body it is on fire, and God is never gone away. To the mercy, see that climb my head and shake my head as wide like the moth that tries to enter the bright eye, so I go shuffling out life just to hide in death awhile. Any way I'm here for my life, where the wedding band that's good, just a long sucker's shackle, calling all that a rebel war. And the mercy seed is a burning and I think my head is growing, and in a way I'm hoping to be done with the Lord is weighing up the truth, and I've heard I'm a two for a two, and I've got nothing left to do, and I'm not afraid to die. The mercy seed is a growing and I think my head is a mountain, and in a way I'm hoping to be done with the Lord is twisting up the truth, and I've heard I'm a two for a two, and anyway I saw no proof, and I don't know why. And the mercy seed is a mountain, and I think my blood is boiling, and I'm aware it's boiling all the fun, my illness crosses the way it seems true, and I've got nothing left to do, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is a waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with the Lord is measuring up the truth, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway there's what's so true, and I don't know why. And the mercy seed is a waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with the Lord is measuring up the truth, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway I'm told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is a waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with the Lord is measuring up the truth, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway there's what's so true, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is waiting, and I think my head is smoking, and in a way I'm hoping to be done with all this love's so distrubly, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway I'm told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is a waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with all this measure in a proof, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway I'm told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is a waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with all this measure in a proof, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway I'm told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with all this measure in a proof, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway I'm told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is a waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with all this measure in a proof, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway I'm told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is a waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with all this measure in a proof, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway I'm told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with all this measure in a proof, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway I'm told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. And the mercy seed is a waiting, and I think my head is burning, and in a way I'm yearning to be done with all this measure in a proof, and I'm for an eye and a two for a two, and anyway I'm told the truth, and I'm not afraid to die. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! you Thank you.
