
 Can anybody find me? Somebody to love Keep going and I get up, I dial it up Can't feel it's down on my feet Take a look, I can hear it and cry Oh what you did I spent all my years believing you But I just can't get no relief Oh somebody, somebody Can anybody find me? Somebody to love I work hard every day of my life I work till I get my bones at the end I take home my heart and play Oh, not my own, I go down I need a strike to pray Till the tears run down from my eyes Oh somebody, somebody Can anybody find me? Somebody to love Every day, I try to try to try But everybody wants to throw me down They say I'm going crazy They say I got my heart in my brain I got no conscience I got nobody left to believe Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh somebody, somebody Can anybody find me? Somebody to love I don't feel like I know rhythm I just keep losing my beat I'm okay, I'm alright I ain't gonna face nothing I just gotta get out of this prison cell Someday, I'm gonna be out Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Can anybody find me? Somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Oh shh! Woo! Not gonna lie, that was a tough one What's up you guys? Hope you enjoyed my acapella version of Somebody to Love This one was requested so so much since my Queen Medley So I'm glad I was finally able to do it for you guys If you liked it, please be sure to give it one of these bad boys Woohoo! And as always, if you're interested in streaming and downloading the song It's available on iTunes, Spotify, etc. Link's in the description down below And finally before you guys go, I'm sure many of you have heard me talk about this before But if you haven't, please go check out my Patreon page Patreon is an amazing platform that helps people like you support creators like me In making videos like this one You can learn more about it on my profile page, so either click here Or the link in the description down below A special thanks to my current patrons I seriously cannot thank you guys enough for your continued support You guys rock, you're amazing, I love you! As always, more videos on the way, so stay tuned Hope you have an awesome day or night wherever you're on the world And we'll talk to you soon Bye!
