
 I hear him talk the coldest song we ever told Somewhere far along this road he lost his soul To a woman so heartless How could you be so heartless? How could you be so heartless? How could you be so cold? That's the wind of wind, many breeze yo Just remember that you're talking to me though You need to watch the way you're talking to me yo I mean not to all the things that we've been through I mean not to all the things we got into Hey you I know some things that you ain't told me Hey you I did some things but that's the only And now you wanna give me back and you gon' show me So you walk around like you don't know me You got a new friend, well I got homies But in the end it's still so lonely In the night I hear him talk the coldest song we ever told Somewhere far along this road he lost his soul To a woman so heartless How could you be so heartless? How could you be so heartless? How could you be so dark to evil? You're bringing out a sign of me that I don't know I decided we weren't gonna speak so Why we up at 3 am on the phone? Why did you be so mad at me for? Hold me out I know she said ain't cold Won't ever wanna mess my groove up Cause I already know how this thing go You run and tell your friends that you're leaving me They say that they don't see what you're seeing me You wait a couple months then you gon' see You'll never find nobody better than me In the night I hear him talk the coldest song we ever told Somewhere far along this road he lost his soul To a woman so heartless How could you be so heartless? How could you be so heartless? Talking, talking, talking, talking, talk Baby let's just knock it off They don't know what we've been through They don't know about me and you So I got something new to see You just gon' keep hating me We're just gon' be enemies I know you can't be me I could just leave it room And you can make it right I'm gon' take off tonight into the night In the night I hear him talk the coldest song we ever told Somewhere far along this road he lost his soul To a woman so heartless How could you be so heartless? How could you be so heartless? How could you be so heartless? How could you be so heartless? How could you be so heartless? How could you be so heartless? Thank you.
