
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Mulan Rouge. We're on my soul, sisters. Let me hear your flow, sisters. Hey, sister, go, sister, soul, sister, flow, sister. Hey, sister, go, sister, go, sister, go. He met mama like that in old Mulan Rouge. Striding her stuff on the street. She said, hello, hey, Joe, you wanna give it a go? Gitchy, gitchy, ya, ya, that's us. Gitchy, gitchy, ya, ya, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mokko chokolata, ya, ya, yeah, yeah. Who the lady mama loves? Skole boku se ave wa, ses wa. Skole boku se ave wa. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's down in a pool, whoa, she freshened up. Boy, drank all that, make no you want. All her blacks and jeets, waist on free. Gitchy, gitchy, ya, ya, that's us. Mokko chokolata, ya, ya, yeah, yeah, yeah. Who the lady mama loves? Who the lady mama loves? Skole boku se ave wa, ses wa. Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh, he come through with the money in the guarded belts. Let him know we bout that cake straight out the gate. We're independent women, some mistake us for whores, I'm saying why spend mine? We're not the spin girls. Disagree? Well that's you and I'm sorry, I'mma keep playing these cats out like a car. I hear shoes getting love from the Jews for badass chicks from the Mulan Village. Hey, sister, soul, sisters, better get that dough, sisters. We drink wine with diamonds in the glass by the case, the meaning of expensive taste. Gitchy, gitchy, ya, ya, that's us. Who the lady mama loves? Mama loves, mama loves, mama loves. I'm just a musky, I'm feeling so dismo. Come to rock and fail your life. Hey, the shadows piece the side, roll until you cry. More, more, more, more. I know he's back home, doin' 95. Get them graves and lie. Love in turns off the sleeping memories, dream. More, more, more, more. Gitchy, gitchy, ya, ya, that's us. Gitchy, gitchy, ya, ya, yeah. More, more, more, more. We don't lady mama loves. We don't lady mama loves. We don't lady mama loves. We don't lady mama loves. Come on, come on. We don't lady mama loves. We don't lady mama loves. We don't lady mama loves. Maya, Raya, Raya, Raya, Raya. More long rules. Mr. Mangan here. We don't lady mama loves. the end.
