
 Alright, let's do this! One, two, three, four! Wow! I wanna hear you! I'm the bad person You don't like me Well I guess I'll make my own when It's a circle, I mean cycle I'm the bad person I'm the bad person Where's your gavel? Your jury? What's my offense this time? You're not a judge, but if you're gonna judge me We'll see me through another life Don't wanna see the sad songs I don't wanna think of it We'll serve us on the front You know we're not the same We're not the same Yeah, the first is stuck together We're runnin' through You can't accept that the change is good It's good It's good Will you treat me just like I'm not a stranger But it's nice telling you so I guess I'll go I'll just keep on my head You treat me just like I'm not a stranger Well that's nice telling you so I'll just keep on my head Ignore it, it's just your new best friend Ignore it, it's just your new best friend This is the best thing I could've happened Any longer and I wouldn't have made it That's not a war It's not a rapture Just a person, but you can't take it The same tricks that That once fooled me They won't get you anywhere Cause I'm not the same kid From your memories For now I can fit for myself Don't wanna hear this sad song I don't wanna be good then We'll serve us on my front You know we're not the same We're not the same We're runnin' through Yeah, we're used to stick together We're runnin' through You can't accept that the change is good It's good It's good It's good Well that's straight big chance to light Another stranger Well that's nice telling you so I guess I'll go I'll just keep on my way out That's straight big chance to light Another stranger Well that's nice telling you so I guess I'll go I'll just keep on my way out That's straight big chance to light Another stranger That's right come on It's no exit That's no exit You treat me just like a lovely stranger All that's mine, tell me you said, I got stronger I best be far more brave than you You treat me just like a lovely stranger All that's mine, tell me you said, I got stronger I best be far more brave than you Yeah! Yeah! Thank you.
