
 I I Ain't happy I'm feeling glad I got sunshine in a bag I'm useless but not for long the future is coming on Happy I'm feeling glad I got sunshine in a bag. I'm useless But not for long the future is coming on. It's coming on. It's Finally someone let me out of my cage now time for me is nothing cuz I'm counting no age Now I couldn't be there now you shouldn't be scared. I'm good at repairs and I'm under each snare Intangible that you didn't think so I command you to panoramic view look I'll make it all manageable pick and choose sit and lose all you different crews chicks and dudes So you think it's really kicking tunes picture you getting down in a picture, too Like you let the fuse you think it's fictional mystical maybe Spiritual hero who appears in you to clear your view when you're too crazy Life is to those definition for what life is priceless to you because I put it on the high shit and like it Guns smoke your righteous with one talk. It's like it come on. No possess you with one Feeling glad I got sunshine In a bag I'm useless Not for long the future is coming on Fitting glad I got sunshine In a bag I'm useless But not for long the future is coming on is coming on is coming on is coming on is coming on is coming on is coming on Essence the basics without did you make it allow me to make this child like a nature rhythm you have it or you don't That's a balance. See I'm in them every sprouting tree every child a piece every cloud and seed you see with your eyes I see destruction and the mind corruption in the skies from this Enterprise now I'm sucked into your life Russell not as much as the percussion he provides for me as a guy Y'all can see me now because you don't see what you're I you proceed with your mind That's the end I'm gonna stick around with russ and be a mentor But the few round the mother comes and remember what the thought is I brought all this so you can survive when law is lawless Feeling sensations that you thought was dead. No squealing remember Hey happy I'm feeling glad I got sunshine In a bag I'm useless Not for long the future is coming on I'm feeling glad I got sunshine In a bag I'm useless And I've fallen for my future It's cumming on It's cumming on It's cumming on It's cumming on It's cumming on my future It's cumming on It's cumming on It's cumming on my future It's cumming on It's cumming on It's cumming on My future It's cumming on It's cumming on It's cumming on..., cumming on, it's cumming on... Music plays. Music plays. Music plays. you you
