
 Like old friends here to relieve your darkest moments I can see no I can see no and all of the goods come out to play. Never it deep and once it's permed a flesh but I'd like to keep some things to myself. I'd like to keep my issues drawn it's always darkest before the dawn. And I've been a fool and I've been blind. I can never leave the past behind I can see no way I can see no way. I'm always dragging that horse around I'll always question such a mournful song. Tonight I'm gonna bury that horse in the ground. I'd like to keep my issues drawn it's always darkest before the dawn. Shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up. And it's hard to dance with a devil on your face so shake him up, up. I am done with my graces hard so tonight I'm gonna cut it out and then restart. Cause I'd like to keep my issues drawn it's always darkest before the dawn. Shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up. And it's hard to dance with a devil on your face so shake him up, up. And it's hard to dance with a devil on your face so shake him up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up. It's a fine romance but it's left me so undone. It's always darkest before the dawn. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And I'm damned if I do and I'm damned if I don't. So here's the drinks in the dark and they end up my road. And I'm ready to suffer and I'm ready to hold. It's a shot in the dark and right at my throat cause looking for heaven for the devil in me. Looking for heaven for the devil in me. What will happen? I'm gonna let it happen to me. Shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up. And it's hard to dance with a devil on your face so shake him up, up. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, shake it up, oh, oh, oh. And it's hard to dance with a devil on your face so shake him up, up. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Section hoping as it does this once again其言之間 Who-hu-hu-hu-hu-hu-hu-hu-hu you you you you Thank you. Thank you.
