
 music plays. music plays. music plays. music plays. music plays. music plays. music plays. music plays. music plays. music plays. music plays. music plays. And how it could be with you. Really hurt, baby, really hurt, baby. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. And now I've got to know what's more. The curiousness of your potential kicks. Stuff my mind and body in. Really hurt, baby, really hurt, baby. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. And now I've got to know what's more. How can you have a day without a night? You're the first thing I have opened. Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music
