
 Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see. I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy. Cause I'm easy come, easy go, little high, little low. Anyway the wind blows, doesn't really matter to me. Mama, just killed a man, put a gun against his head, pulled my trigger, now he's dead. Mama, life had just begun, but no one's gonna run it all away. Mama, ooo, didn't mean to make you cry, if I'm not back to good this time tomorrow. Carry on, carry on, cause if nothing really matters. Too late, my time has come, send shivers down my spine, body's aching all the time. Goodbye everybody, I've got to go, gotta leave all behind and face the truth. Mama, I don't wanna die, I sometimes wish I'd never been poor enough. Mama, I don't wanna die, I sometimes wish I'd never been poor enough. I see a little silhouette of a man, gotta move, gotta move, will you to the fund angle. I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me. Easy come, easy go, will you let me go? Mama, me I'm a mamiah, mama mea let me go, the eyes above has a devil put aside for me. Oh, you think you can tell me I'm spinning my eyes? So you think you can love me and leave me to die? Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby, just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here. Oh, baby, yeah, baby, yeah. Nothing really matters, anyone can see. Nothing really matters, nothing really matters to me. Any way the wind glows. Hey friends, help us get this video to 50,000 likes and we'll do another collab with all three girls. Huge thanks to Audra from First to Eleven, Lauren Fabek and Violet Orlandy for doing this with us. We've done collabs on all of their channels including somebody loved by Queen on First to Eleven's channel. Go and check below for all those collabs. We perform live on Twitch three times a week, it's super fun. Stop in sometime and say Queen so we know where you found us. If you want to support We Do, please consider joining Patreon. There's tons of cool perks there like exclusive live streams, early access to the covers and more. Also exciting news guys, we are dropping a brand new single in just a couple of weeks so please be checking back. Don't forget to follow us on Spotify. We'll see you next time. Bye.
