
 Psychic spots from China try to steal your mind's elation, and little girls from Sweden, dream of silver screen quotation, and if you want these kind of dreams it's californication. It's the edge of the world in all of western civilization, the sun may rise in the east at least it's settled in a final location, it's understood that Hollywood tells californication. Hey your surgeon, very well to break the spell of aging, celebrity skin is this your gender, is that why you're aging? First born unicorn, high course of home, dream of californication, dream of californication. Married my gal, been my favorite to the world, been my very own constellation, a teenage dad with a baby inside, getting high on information, and buy me a star and a bullet, it's californication. Space may be the final frontier, but it's made in a Hollywood basement, in Kobe can you hear the spirits singing songs off station to station, and elder off not far away, it's californication. Born in Mids-Vis by laws and race, control of population, live, repart, it's been there and I don't mean no vacation. First born unicorn, high course of home, dream of californication, dream of californication, dream of californication, dream of californication. First born unicorn, high course of home, dream of californication, dream of californication. First born unicorn, high course of home, dream of californication, dream of californication. First born unicorn, high course of home, dream of californication. First born unicorn, high course of home, dream of californication. First born unicorn, high course of home, dream of californication. Destruction leads to a very real flood, but it also breeds creation. An earthquake's out to a girl's guitar, that's just another good vibration. Entire waves couldn't save the world from californication. Hey, I'm Sergeant Merrill, I'll embrace the spell of aging. And then the rest, there is no death, but this is what you're craving. First born unicorn, high course of home, dream of californication, dream of californication. Dream of californication, dream of californication. you you
