
 Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Are you going to Scarborough Fair? Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme? Remember me to one who lives there. She once was a true love of mine. Tell her to make me a cabaret shirt. Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme? Without no sins on me it will work. Then she'll be a true love of mine. Tell her to find me a knaker of land. Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme? Between salt water and a sea sand? Then she'll be a true love of mine. Tell her to reap it with a sickle of leather. Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme? Can gather it all in a bunch of heather? Then she'll be a true love of mine. Are you going to Scarborough Fair? Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme? Hey Hollens family, thank you so much for watching Scarborough Fair. I'm so excited to let you guys know that this is the first single on my upcoming original Folk Song album and I am so excited for you guys to hear all of the songs. I have one song left to do so I wanted to let you guys choose which folk song I finished my album with. So down below in the comments please leave your favorite folk song that you are hoping that I include in my album and I will tally up all the votes and choose the one that you guys pick. What did your parents sing to you as a child? What is the melody that you guys love from your favorite folk song? I want to hear all about it so please let me know down below. I'm so stoked to hear what you guys think of this album. You guys have been so receptive about the last two folk songs I've done on my channel both Shanandoah and Poor Way Frank Stranger have been really well received and I am just thrilled to show you guys what we've come up with. So if you're excited about the Folk Song album please show your support and pick this single up on either Louder or on iTunes and don't forget if you pick it up on Louder it supports us independent artists more. Thank you guys so much and I can't wait to hear what you guys come up with down below in the comments. love and don't forget to like and subscribe if you haven't. Bye guys.
