
 A long, long time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me smile. And I knew if I had my chance that I could make those people dance, and maybe they'd be happy for a while. But February made me shiver with every paper I'd deliver. Bad news on the doorstep, I couldn't take one more step. I can't remember if I cried when I read about his widowed bride, but something touched me deep inside the day the music died. So bye-bye, Miss American Piedro, Mushavy to the Levy, but the Levy was dry. And then good old boys were drinking whiskey and rye, singing, this'll be the day that I died. This'll be the day that I died. Did you write the book of love, and do you have faith in God above, if the Bible tells you so? Do you believe in rock and roll, can music save your mortal soul, and can you teach me how to dance real slow? Well, I know that you're in love with him, cause I saw you dancing in the gym. You both kicked off your shoes, and I dig those rhythmic blues. I was a lonely teenage bronkin' buck, with a pink carnation and a pickup truck. But I knew I was out of luck in the day, the music died. I started singing bye-bye, Miss American Piedro, Mushavy to the Levy, but the Levy was dry. Then good old boys were drinking whiskey and rye, and singing, this'll be the day that I died. Now for ten years we've been on our own, and moss grows fat on a rolling stone, but that's not how it used to be. When the jester sang for the king and queen in a coat, he borrowed from James Dean and a voice that came from you and me. Oh, and while the king was looking down, the jester stole his thorny crown, the courtroom was adjourned. Now, verdict was returned, and while an in red a book on marks, a quartet practiced in the park, and we sang dirages in the dark the day the music died. We were singing bye-bye, Miss American Piedro, Mushavy to the Levy, but the Levy was dry. Then good old boys were drinking whiskey and rye, and singing, this'll be the day that I died. This'll be the day that I died. Help the skelter and the summer swell through the birds, flew off with a fallout shelf, eight miles high and fallen fast. The land had fallen on the grass, the players tried for a forward pass with the jester on the sidelines in a cast. Now the half-time air was sweet perfume, while the sergeants played a marching tune. We all got up to dance, oh, but we never got the chance, but the players tried to take the field, the marching band refused to yield. Do you recall what was revealed today, the music died? We started singing bye-bye, Miss American Piedro, Mushavy to the Levy, but the Levy was dry. Then good old boys were drinking whiskey and rye, and singing, this'll be the day that I died. This'll be the day that I died. Oh, and there we were all in one place, a generation lost in space, with no time left to start again. So come on, Jack be nimble, Jack be quick, Jack flash, sat on a candlestick, cause fire is the devil's only friend. Oh, and as I watched him on the stage, my hands were clenched in fists of rage, no angel born in hell. Good break that Satan spell, and as the flames climbed high and to the night, to light the sack, the visual right I saw Satan laughing with delight today, the music died. He was singing bye-bye, Miss American Piedro, Mushavy to the Levy, but the Levy was dry. Then good old boys were drinking whiskey and rye, and singing, this'll be the day that I died. This'll be the day that I died. I met a girl who sang the blues, and I asked her for some happy news, but she just smiled and turned away. I went down to the sacred store, where I'd heard the music years before, but the man there said the music wouldn't play. In the streets the children screamed, the lovers cried and the poets dreamed, but not a word was spoken. The church bells all were broken, and the three men I admired most, the father, son and the whole ghost. They caught the last train for the coast, the day the music died. And they were singing bye-bye, Miss American Piedro, Mushavy to the Levy, but the Levy was dry. Then good old boys were drinking whiskey and rye, and singing, this'll be the day that I died. This'll be the day that I died. They were singing bye-bye, Miss American Piedro, Mushavy to the Levy, but the Levy was dry. Then good old boys were drinking whiskey and rye, and singing, this'll be the day that I died. you
