
 This beat is my recital, I think it's very vital, to rock around, that's right, on time, it's tricky, it's a play call. Here we go! It's tricky to rock around, to rock around, that's right, on time, it's tricky. It's tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky. It's tricky to rock around, to rock around, that's right, on time, it's tricky. Tr-tr-tr-tricky, tricky, tr-tr-tr-tricky. I met this little girlie, her hair was kinda curly, went to her house and bust her out, I had to leave real early. These girls are really sleazy, all they just say is please me, I'll spend some time and rock around, I said it's not that easy. It's tricky to rock around, to rock around, that's right, on time, it's tricky. It's tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky. It's tricky to rock around, to rock around, that's right, on time, it's tricky. Tricky, tricky, tricky. In New York, the people talking try to make us rhyme, they really hog, but we just walk because we have no time. And in the city, it's a pity, cause we just can't hide. Tinted windows don't mean nothing, they know who's inside. It's tricky to rock around, to rock around, that's right, on time, it's tricky. It's tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky. It's tricky to rock around, to rock around, that's right, on time, it's tricky. Tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky. When I wake up, people take up mostly all of my time. I'm not singing, phone keep ringing, cause I make up a rhyme. I'm not bragging, people nagging, cause they think I'm a star. Always tearing what I'm wearing, I think they're going too far. A girl named Carol follows Daryl every gig we play. Then she dis her and dismiss her, now she's shocking Jay. I ain't lying, girls be crying cause I'm on TV. They even bother my poor father cause he's down with me. It's tricky to rock around, to rock around, that's right, on time, it's tricky. It's tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky. It's tricky to rock around, to rock around, that's right, on time, it's tricky. Tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky. We don't use drugs, but you assume, on your own, they offer coke and lots of dope, but we just leave it alone. It's like that, y'all, but we don't quit, ya keep on rock shock, cause this is it. This is it. This is it. This is it. This is it. This is it. This is it. This is it. This is it.
