
 The End The End Pull down just behind the fray, she lays her tongue She's proud, she's in my life, it's a funny thing And I'm still too young She's a better man, she took his grip Took his babies, took him in Took her nowhere, heaven knows She'll take on everything Oh oh oh, nice, she wants a young American. Young American. Young American. She wants a young American. Oh oh oh, nice, she wants a young American. Scatting life through the picture windows, you find your stinky bag of ball, got the scissor's and the board monster, heaven forbid you could take anything, but the freak at his type of one-off thing, Mrs. The Step and the Cots his hat, showing nothing is true, inside the sun she cruised, where all the heroes gone. Oh oh oh, nice, she wants a young American. Young American. Young American. She wants a young American. Oh oh oh, nice, she wants a young American. All the way from Washington, the bread with her bags of the bathroom floor, it would just these 20 years to have to die for the 50 more. Oh night, I was a young American I was a young American Oh night, I was a young American Dear Remember, President Glinton Do you remember where all you had to go? I'll be your next subject In the unamerican, you and your idols, safe, all set, so good Level, level, everywhere, not a miss, left from the gate Well, well, well, would you carry a razor? In a case just in case of depression, sit on your hands Survival, rushing and all the approaching Ain't that close enough? Ain't that close enough? Ain't that far beyond? Well, husband broken, just like you Oh night, you and the young American Young American, young American, young American You and the young American Oh night, you and the young American Young American, young American, young American The pimps got a cat and the puddin' has got a cry Some black's got respect and the white's got a soldier The mama's got a crown so look at your hands say I heard the news the day of the war I got a seed and you've got the seed And there are men who can send home all night And there are women who can suck on the job And there are children who can pull without judging And there are people who will ride before they die And you're proud that you still got faces And that one damn song that could make me break down and cry One down, break down and crawl Oh night, I want the young American Young American, young American, young American Oh night, I want the young American Young American, young American, young American I want the young American Oh, oh, you are the only one One you are the only one of the young men. Oh, oh, you are the only one One you are the only man. Oh, oh, you are the only one of the young men. Oh, oh, you are the only one of the young men. This is a magic age to marry at the top of the young man. Remember, remember, remember, remember. You are the only one of the young men.
