
 Music They pulled him just behind the bridge, he lays her down He frowns, tell me my life's a funny thing Am I still too young? He kissed the van and there, she took his ring Took his babies, they took him in, it took her nowhere Never knows if they've taken anything Oh, night! She wants a young American Young America, young America She wants the young American Oh, night! But she wants the young American Standing right through the bitch's windows She finds his slinky back up on He calls her, says he passes her for a domestic But if I'm a bitch, take anything Put the freak in his title for nothing This is a step on cutsy's hand Showing nothing, it sweeps like a song, she cries Where a vault of persquero is gone Oh, night! She wants a young American Young America, young America She wants the young American Oh, night! But she wants the young American All the way from Washington A brick with a fix of a bathroom floor We live for just these 20 years We have to die for the 50 more Oh, night! She wants the young American Young America, young America She wants the young American Oh, night! But she wants the young American Oh, night! Do you remember your president Nixon? Do you remember the bills you have to pay? Or even yesterday? I'm the president of the United States I'm the president of the United States I'm the president of the United States I'm the president of the United States Have you been a home American? Just you and your idols simple, simple, love Let the leather everywhere And not a miss left on the ghetto Well, well, well, what you got? In case, just in case of depression Sit on your hands on the buses of divers Blushing in all the afro-sealers Ain't that supposed to love? Well, ain't that supposed to love? Well, it ain't that far to door What's been broken just like you and I? Oh, night! Oh, night! What the young American? Young America, young America You are the young American Oh, night! You won't be young American You ain't a perp, you ain't a horse A ferret's got a carry and a lady got a glider Black's got a slacker, white's got a soul trainer Mama's got a trance and look at your hands, Hager I heard the news today, oh boy I heard a sweet answer, you got the fear Here's the romance you can say no more Here's the real woman I can suck on the joy Here's the real woman in the retired I can hook with that judging her In the revamped up and right before they die Ain't you proud that you're stuck on cases? Ain't that one dance song that can make me Break down and cry Oh, night! What the young American? Young America, young America You are the young American Oh, night! I want the young American Young American Young American I want the young American You are the young American I want you, you and I I want you, you and I Young American Young American Young American Oh, night! I want the young American Young American Young American Young American you Thank you.
