
 You know what? Cause I'm a saviour I'm pretty crazy Set your pace And I'll tell you now On my way to see my friends You live a couple best ways for me And I walk through the subway Must've been about four to past three In front of many I stood her beautiful honey With a beautiful body She asked me for the top I said the cost of her name Sixth of January And her date with me tomorrow at night Did she decline? No, didn't she mind? How many things, bro? Oh, I was in for real Damn sure What was the deal? A friendly girl is 24 So is she key? She could wait Sin and no queen But let me update What did she say? She said she loved you But rendezvous, she asked me what we were gonna do Some stuff about a moment Forty-one day Took her for a drink on Tuesday We were making love by Wednesday And on Thursday and Friday Saturday, but chill on Saturday And that was government day Took her for a drink on Tuesday We were making love by Wednesday And on Thursday and Friday Saturday, but chill on Saturday And that was time Cause I began mine And she would look upon She would talk us, told me She loved to unfold me all night alone Ooh, I love the way she came through From the front to the back, she flipped it The way she came through And I, oh, I did Hope that she cared Cause I'm a man who'll always be there I'm not a man to play around with it Cause I understand it's really fair From the first impression Cause you don't seem to be like that Cause there's no need to tell Well, I'll be paying time for that From the subway to my home And let's ring it off my phone When you're feeling all alone All you do is just call me, call me And on Thursday Took her for a drink on Tuesday Waiting, making love by Wednesday And on Thursday and Friday And Saturday, but chill on Saturday And that was time And I named her Took her for a drink on Tuesday Waiting, making love by Wednesday And on Thursday and Friday And Saturday, but chill on Sunday Wait there, wait there Since I met this special lady Oh yeah, I can't get her off my mind She's one of a kind And I ain't about to deny it It's a special kind of thing With you Took her for a drink on Tuesday Waiting, making love by Wednesday And on Thursday and Friday And Saturday, but chill on Sunday And that was time And I named her Took her for a drink on Tuesday Waiting, making love by Wednesday And on Thursday and Friday And Saturday, but chill on Sunday And on Thursday Thanks for watching! Like, share and subscribe! Thanks for watching! Like, share and subscribe! Thanks for watching! Like, share and subscribe! Thanks for watching! Like, share and subscribe! Thanks for watching! you you
