
 you you I didn't wanna be the one to forget I thought of everything I'd never regret A little time with you is all that I care That's all we need because it's all we can take One thing I never see the same way around I don't believe an animal slips on the ground I wanna take you to the place that I rush But no one gives us any time anymore He asked me once if I'd look in on his door You made an offer for it, then you ran off Look at this picture of us, kids in my head And all I hear is the last thing that you say I listen to your part, now listen to my But I didn't want to be more, no And we would never be alone again Cause it doesn't ever, never a day Kinda kinda like a friend, a friend Kinda give it up, I'll do it all Now I thought of what I wanna say But I never really know where to go So I changed myself to a friend Cause I know what I'm supposed to do And we would never be alone again Cause it doesn't ever, never a day Kinda kinda like a friend, a friend Kinda give it up, I'll do it all Now I thought of what I wanna say But I never really know where to go So I changed myself to a friend So I'm not again It didn't matter what they wanted to see You thought you saw someone that looked just like me Listen to my memory, it just never dies We walked along in hard to give it no time You see it's right through me, it's so easy with lies Cracks in the road that we're trying to disguise He runs the scissors at the seam in the wall He cannot break it down or else he will fall Life has no other stars hiding in the cold Take it, I don't wanna see you anymore You see it's right through me, it just never dies We walked along in hard to give it no time You see it's right through me, it just never dies We walked along in hard to give it no time You see it's right through me, it just never dies And we would never be alone again Cause it doesn't matter everyday Can I count it on your pair of friends? Can I give it up or do it away? Now I thought of what I wanna say But I never really know where to go So I changed myself to a friend Cause I know what I want to say to do And we would never be alone again Cause it doesn't matter everyday Can I count it on your pair of friends? Can I give it up or do it away? Now I thought of what I wanna say But I never really know where to go So I changed myself to a friend Cause I know what I want to say to do And I don't understand How can I stop I'm not with you Cause we're not a man That's all I do What I need you And we would never be alone again Cause it doesn't matter everyday Can I count it on your pair of friends? Can I give it up or do it away? Now I thought of what I wanna say But I never really know where to go So I changed myself to a friend Cause I know what I want to say to do And we would never be alone again Cause it doesn't matter everyday Can I count it on your pair of friends? Can I give it up or do it away? Now I thought of what I wanna say But I never really know where to go So I changed myself to a friend Cause I know what I want to say to do Thanks for watching! Don't forget to subscribe! Thanks for watching! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! Thank you. Thank you.
