
 I didn't wanna be the one to forget I thought of everything I'd never regret A little time with you is all that I could It's all we need because it's all we can take He asked me once if I'd look in on his dark You made an offer for it, then you and I moved I had this picture of his kids on my head And all I hear is the last thing that you said I listened to your problems, now listen to my But I didn't want to anymore Oh-oh-oh, who am I being the one to get? Cause it doesn't happen every day Can I count on you being a friend? Can I give it up and give it away? Now I thought about what I want to say But I didn't really know where it goes So I changed myself to a friend Cause I know that I'm not the kind of boy I'm the one to forget It didn't matter what you wanted to see He thought he saw someone that looked just like me I told my memory that just never dies We worked too long and hard to give it no time One thousand ugly stars hiding in the cold Take it, oh I don't wanna sing anymore I listened to your problems, now listen to my But I didn't want to anymore Oh-oh-oh, who am I being the one to get? Cause it doesn't happen every day Can I count on you being a friend? Can I give it up and give it away? Now I thought about what I want to say But I didn't really know where it goes So I changed myself to a friend Cause I know that I'm not the kind of boy I'm the one to forget It didn't matter what you wanted to see Can I count on you being a friend? Can I give it up and give it away? Now I thought about what I want to say But I didn't really know where to go So I changed myself to a friend Cause I know that I'm not the kind of boy I'm the one to forget It didn't matter what you wanted to see Can I count on you being a friend? Can I give it up and give it away? Now I thought about what I want to say But I didn't really know where it goes Oh-oh-oh, who am I being the one to get? Cause it doesn't happen every day Can I count on you being a friend? Can I give it up and give it away? Now I thought about what I want to say But I didn't really know where to go So I changed myself to a friend Cause I know that I'm not the kind of boy I'm the one to forget It didn't matter what you wanted to see Can I count on you being a friend? Can I give it up and give it away? Now I thought about what I want to say But I didn't really know where to go So I changed myself to a friend Cause I know that I'm not the kind of boy Yeah! That was so fun! Yeah, I'm missing that! Thank you for watching! Thank you for watching! Thank you. Thank you.
