
 ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ I could stay awake just to hear you breathing. Watch you smile while you are sleeping, while you're far away dreaming. I could spend my life in this sweet surrender. I could stay lost in this moment forever. Every moment spent with you is a moment I treasure. Don't wanna close my eyes. I don't wanna fall asleep. Cause I'd miss you baby, and I don't wanna miss a thing. Cause even when I dream of you, the sweetest dream would never do. I'd still miss you baby, and I don't wanna miss a thing. ♪♪ ♪ Lying close to you, feeling your heart beating. And I'm wondering what's your dream. Wondering if it's me you're seeing. Then I kiss your eyes, and thank God we're together. And I just wanna stay with you in this moment forever. Forever and ever. I don't wanna close my eyes. I don't wanna fall asleep. Cause I'd miss you baby, and I don't wanna miss a thing. Cause even when I dream of you, the sweetest dream would never do. I'd still miss you baby, and I don't wanna miss a thing. I don't wanna miss one smile. I don't wanna miss one kiss. I just wanna be with you, right here with you. Just like this. I just wanna hold you close. I feel your heart so close to mine. And just stay here in this moment for all the rest of time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't wanna close my eyes. Don't wanna fall asleep. Cause I'd miss you baby, and I don't wanna miss a thing. Cause even when I dream of you, the sweetest dream would never do. I'd still miss you baby, and I don't wanna miss a thing. I don't wanna close my eyes. I don't wanna fall asleep. Cause I'd miss you baby, and I don't wanna miss a thing. Cause even when I dream of you, the sweetest dream would never do. I'd still miss you baby, and I don't wanna miss a thing. Don't wanna close my eyes. I don't wanna fall asleep. I don't wanna miss a thing. Don't wanna close my eyes. I don't wanna fall asleep. I don't wanna close my eyes. I don't wanna fall asleep. I don't wanna close my eyes. I don't wanna fall asleep. Thanks for watching! you
