
 At first I was afraid, I was petrified I kept thinking I could never live without you by my side But then I spent so many nights just thinking how you'd done me wrong I grew strong, I learned how to get along and so you're back From outer space, I just walked in to find you here without that look upon your face I should have changed my flock, I would have made you leave your pee If I'd have known, but just one second you'd be back to bother me, oh now go, walk out the door Just turn around, now you're not welcome anymore Weren't you the one who tried to break me with desire? Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd lay down and die? Oh now I will survive, yeah As long as I know how to love, I know I'll be alive I've got all my life to live, I've got all my love to give I will survive, I will survive, yeah, yeah I will survive, I will survive, yeah, yeah I will survive, I will survive, yeah, yeah I will survive, I will survive, yeah It took all the strength I had just not to fall apart I'm trying hard to mend the pieces of my broken heart And I've spent oh so many nights just feeling sorry for myself, I used to cry But now I hold my head up high and you see me with somebody new I'm not that stupid little person still in love with you And so you thought you'd just drop by and you expect me to be free But now I'm saving all my loving for someone who's loving me Oh now go, walk out the door, just turn around Now you're not welcome anymore Weren't you the one who tried to break me with desire? Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd lay down and die? Oh now I, I will survive, yeah As long as I know how to love, I know I'll be alive I've got all my life to live, I've got all my love to give I will survive, I will survive, yeah, yeah Weren't you the one who tried to break me with desire? Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd lay down and die? Weren't you the one who tried to break me with desire? Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd lay down and die? you
