
 I was petrified, kept thinking I could never live without you by my side. But then I spent so many nights thinking how you did me wrong. And I grew strong, and I learned how to get along and so you're back from not a face. I just walked in to find you here with that sad look upon your face. I should have changed that stupid lock. I should have made you leave your key. If I'd have known for just one second you'd be back to bother me. One now, go. Walk out the door. Just turn around now. Cause you're not welcome anymore. Weren't you the one who tried to hurt me with goodbye? If I got crumbled, if I got laid down and died, oh no, not I. I will survive, oh as long as I know how to love, I know I'll feel alive. I've got all my life to live, I've got all my love to give. I'll survive, I will survive. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. It took all the strength I had not to fall apart. I tried hard to mend the pieces of my broken heart. And I spent all so many nights just feeling sorry for myself. I used to cry, but now I hold my head up high and you see me. Somebody knew I'm not that change of little person still in love with you. And so you felt like clapping in and just expecting me to be free. Now I'm saving all my loving for someone who's loving me. One now, go. Walk out the door. Just turn around now. You're not a welcome anymore. Weren't you the one who tried to break me with goodbye? If I got crumbled, if I got laid down and died, oh no, not I. I will survive, oh as long as I know how to love, I know I'll feel alive. I've got all my life to live, I've got all my love to give. I'll survive, I will survive, oh. One now, go. Walk out the door. Just turn around now. You're not a welcome anymore. Weren't you the one who tried to break me with goodbye? If I got crumbled, if I got laid down and died, oh no, not I. I will survive, oh as long as I know how to love, I know I'll feel alive. I've got all my life to live, I've got all my love to give. I'll survive, I will survive, I will survive.
