
 Music playing. Have you got color in your cheeks? Do you ever get that feel that you've got? Shift the tide that sticks around like summer's in your teeth? Are there some aces up your sleeve? Have you no idea that you're indeed? I dreamt about you nearly every night this week. How many secrets can you keep? There's this tune I found that makes me think I've used somehow and I play it on repeat. Until I fall asleep spilling drinks on my set seat. Do I wanna know if this feeling flows both ways? Is that the feeling though? Sort of hoping that you'd stay. Can we both know that the nights we mainly make the same things that you can't say tomorrow day? Crawling back to you, I never thought I'd call and run. You like you, cause I always do. Maybe I'm too, isn't being lost to fall for surrounding you? Now I'm going to prove, crawling back to you. So have you got the guts? Been wondering if your heart's still open and if so I wanna know what time it should be. Simmer down and poker up, I'm sorry to interrupt, it's just I'm constantly on the course. I've tried and to kiss you, I don't know if you feel the same as I do. But we could be together, if you want it soon. Do I wanna know if this feeling flows both ways? Is that the feeling though? Sort of hoping that you'd stay. Can we both know that the nights we mainly make the same things that you can't say tomorrow day? Crawling back to you, I never thought I'd call and run. You like you, cause I always do. Maybe I'm too, isn't being lost to fall for surrounding you? Now I've thought it through, crawling back to you. If this feeling flows both ways, we sort of hoping that you'd stay. Can we both know that the nights we mainly make the same things that you can't say tomorrow day? I've tried and to kiss you, I don't know if you feel the same as I do. I've tried and to kiss you, I don't know if you feel the same as I do. Do I wanna know if this feeling flows both ways? Is that the feeling though? Sort of hoping that you'd stay. Can we both know that the nights we mainly make the same things that you can't say tomorrow day?
