
 Thank you.. Look, if you had, one shot, one opportunity, this is everything you ever wanted. One moment, would you clap? Sure. Or just let it slip. Yo, his palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy, they're foaming on me, sweat all already, mumps spaghetti, his nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud, he opened his mouth, but the words won't come out, he's choking out, everybody's choking out, the clocks run out, times up, overflow, snap back to reality, oh, that goes gravity, oh, that goes gravity, Chuck, he's so mad, but he won't give up, Daddy's in awe, he won't have it, he knows, he's all back to his roots, it don't matter, he's drunk, he knows that, but he's broke, he's so stuck, and he knows, and he goes back to this mobile home, that's when he's back to the lab again, yo, this whole ride, so they better go capture this moment, and hope it don't pass him. Lose yourself in the music, the moment you want it, you better never let it go, you only get one shot to not be so chance to blow, this opportunity comes once in a lifetime. Lose yourself in the music, the moment you want it, you better never let it go, you only get one shot to not be so chance to blow, this opportunity comes once in a lifetime. The souls escaping through this hole that escaping, this world is mine for the taking, make me king, as we move toward a new world order, a normal life is boring, but superstardom floats to post-mortem, it only grows out, homie grows out, he blows his all over, these bros is all on him, coast to coast shows his known as club trotter, only bros kind on his nose, his grown father from home, he's no father, he goes home and barely knows his own daughter, but hold your nose cause here goes the cold water, his bros don't want it no more, he's cold trotter, they moved on to the next mall, who flows in those doves and so not, so the salt-bopper is totally on forza, suppose his old partner, but the beat goes on, that I don't, that I don't doubt. Lose yourself in the music the moment you won't eat, you better never let it go, you only get one shot to laugh, it's a chance to blow, this opportunity comes once in a lifetime. Lyrics by R.I.P. Music by R.I.P. Thank you for watching! Thank you. Thank you.
